Gustav Bodin 

Oct 31 - Nov 7 

Today we had a group meeting to discuss the flow and usability of the site that we're making. I, Lovisa and Raymond met up at Werqwise to discuss the flow and details of the site. 

This is what we came up with:
- We decided on the UX solution and what the scope of the project is about. What does the user get out of using this application? We came up with a way for users to match different typefaces from google fonts. And create a document for the hierarchy of the paired typefaces. 

- Started a flow that's in the branch of the 

- Started to gather a bunch of mood board and inspirational website and post it in the Figma document. 

- Make some LoFi sketches of how each of us imagines the flow. 

For the future. 
- We have to distinguish roles and distinguish responsibilities and a schedule for deadlines.

Nov 7 - Nov 13

No group meeting this week. Instead, we planned time before the next class to be upon speed for our sketches. Design ideas, visuals, and interactions. 

I've been exploring a little bit into reacting for Lottie as well as seeing up node and react. And exploring a little more into components.

Lottie could be a nice tool to use together with react for the visual parts of the page. Instead of using video or gif. If you're importing the library once, why not use it more trough out the application.

Exploring designs in the Figma document. I will change this document to a PDF and upload the screens and changes coming week. Exploring the split-screen interactions. And looking at how the user is going to go through the flow.

As well as getting some inspiration and sketching options for Lottie animations to load as SVG motion graphics. As part of branding etc.



Nov 13 - Nov 20

During this week I spent some time with Hamilton's code. Setting up a simple routing example. But I am am struggling with writing react. It's quite different from other code frameworks I've used before. I feel like passing in data is going to be trouble. 


Nov 20 - Dec 5

After class the 20th we sat and made sure that we were on the same page with the web app we're developing. We sat a common flow. Removed some aspects to create the MVP of the app.

After getting started on the code for the main function I hade a list of questions that we still need to solve. 

List:
How are all the typefaces going to be passed into the head of our document. I started a JSON doc, where I stored the font name to pass in with CSS, the type / Serif or Sans Serif and the URL that the typefaces is stored at. 

Questions regarding reducers, I understand what they do and what they are for. But it seems like you need a different reducer depending on what use case.

Performance trouble, where the font's aren't displayed at once on user click.